c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Calisma\Calisma\bin\Calisma.dll.config
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Calisma\Calisma\bin\Calisma.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Calisma\Calisma\bin\Calisma.pdb
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Calisma\Calisma\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Calisma\Calisma\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Calisma\Calisma\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Calisma\Calisma\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Calisma\Calisma\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Calisma\Calisma\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Calisma\Calisma\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Calisma\Calisma\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Calisma\Calisma\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Calisma\Calisma\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Calisma\Calisma\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Calisma\Calisma\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Calisma\Calisma\obj\Debug\Calisma.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Calisma\Calisma\obj\Debug\Calisma.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Calisma\Calisma\obj\Debug\Calisma.pdb
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Calisma\Calisma\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Calisma\Calisma\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Calisma\Calisma\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Calisma\Calisma\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Calisma\Calisma\bin\Calisma_DAL.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Calisma\Calisma\bin\Calisma_DTO.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Calisma\Calisma\bin\Calisma_DAL.pdb
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Calisma\Calisma\bin\Calisma_DTO.pdb
C:\Users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Calisma\Calisma\bin\CalismaBLL.dll
C:\Users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Calisma\Calisma\bin\CalismaBLL.pdb
